Oh, my eyes.
My eyes.
Mr. Wook, are you okay?
No, this must be dealt with.
I will go see the doctor.
Come with me first, don't worry about the rainy dream.
I didn't expect you to still carry these things.
I am a killer.
Regular meals are often injured.
No first aid kit.
I don't know where I will die.
Same.
Why did you save Van Mong?
What?
You must also rely on the power of Yen Kinh city.
Who wouldn't want that?
So you and Cuu Gia are in a competitive relationship.
If you don't save Van Mong
With the level of the Nine Families loving the rain and dreams
Will definitely be heavily affected.
Until then.
Aren't you lacking a strong organization?
The husband does something, does nothing.
As long as I have the ability to save him.
It won't be really fun to be innocently lucky.
Live one more day with you
Technology is not bad right?
Sasden, stop arguing with me.